I'm not a mind reader.. professionally (mild wild smile)

whole wide-world man, very very wild

our government now dereprecomplacents .. them.. on their own time

I'm compiling my material now..
its on the wall and part of the floor

a friend said I'd make a great gay.. I told him I'm making gay great again

i wish to give, what was so freely given to me.... eh? eh?

a key broke on my keyboard.. now my i looks like an o .. u?

i put some mints near my window.. they were pre-screened

I know a guy, who knows a guy, who knows bob sacamano

sometimes I want to off myself.. but then I do it ten times... off ten

I'm working some of the times.. but those times are in the past

I wanted to find the whole me... so I looked in the middle

hey, that's my material man.... what are you, materialistic?

I saw a light on in the bathroom.. but it was in somebody elses apartment
man, binoculars are expensive

I thought I had it all.. but I just ran out
now I can't do laundry

I used to say oh shit a lot
but I didn't want to take the lords name in vein
now I'm hemmoraging

could we possibly? absolutely.

could we take him alive?  only if you buy him a nice dinner

existence can't happen till it happens.. the only exception is bullshit preceeding the bull in the china shop

I'm trying to find a women to breathe down my neck. and maybe a french sandwich.
submarine?
nah, dom perignon

I turned off my smoke alarm.. now I sleep well, ... done.
maybe its time to switch brands
I think it was coughing

I closed all my browser tabs to save memory.. but now I can't remember anything

I wanted some mindless entertainment... but I paid too much attention.. and now I'm broke

I deleted my browser history because it was a text-book case
it said, 'are you sure?', and I said.. 'you're history'

i watch a lot on tv.. but its always empty
sometimes I tune on at 2am and there's 1 car

i smoked weed that had no expiration date, and now I'm like this permanently

if the sky was falling, which way's up?

if I see you eye-to-eye, can either of us see anything else?

I got a comforter, but its more comfortable than me

cigarettes are the only ettes that are paid more than Rs

beer comes in cans and bottles.. ... that's gross.

I got a notification in the mail today.. it said 'please check your mail'
I sent a thank you card, but I havn't mailed it

I committed myself to an asylum, but they didn't want me

'beer nuts' sure have got balls, to sell a product that contains no beer

I called the surgeon general when I had lung cancer, but he said he wasn't seeing patients

//paper plates are made from trees.. but they're never invited to dinner.

I'm slowing down... I've never slowed up.  well once, but it was a bummer..

I like to stretch rubberbands.. they need the excercise

I'm hearing impaired.. but only when I'm not listening

I built the perfect chair, but it was uncomfortable

I have a moral compass app on my phone, but I need to keep recharging it

'the only thing to fear is fear' itself... isn't that a double whammy? I'm already afraid!

isn't settling up contradictory?

the jokes are on mercury THIS time around
I predict it’ll be playing at the apollo.. but probably in the daytime.. I’ll give them light material 😛

who can think of comedy right now, with so many errors?

when all is lost, you find everything.

message in a bottle reads, "help yourself"

i lost a small package.. not a huge problem

I tried to sleep, but I got tired

I wrote a bit that killed.. it was underscored in chalk

we tried to bridge the gap, then we co-rected it

spring has sprung a leak

I appreviated 'doing well' to d'well .. and now I can't stop thinking about it

steven wright said once, are you doing my act now? I said once

I hooked up alexa to my fan, so now getting gigs is a breaze

I had a time window .. but now its just a window

when your past catches up with you you're at a stand-still

I tried to take pause, and now we're in reruns

I tried to compare then and now, and now its later

I have odd times every other so-often

i used to be really good, but their was a mixup and now I'm just good.. really

i once was alone, but now I'm 2 loans

i once had a beer, a few times

I have a car.. but it drives me crazy

my pipes were rattling.. now they're fixed and rattling off


