Smoking Tips. 
a c.w. refreshment. 
oct23.1996

1. Don't smoke tips.  Smoke cigarettes.

2. Only smoke at night.  Well, not really - smoke during 
   the day too, but tell everybody you only smoke at night.

3. Never stack a lucky cigarette in your pack.  At night, 
   you'll always pull that one and light the filter end. 
   You won't know it till it goes out for the third time 
   and you feel the hardened plastic end.

4. Always drink coffee when you sit and smoke at night. 
   It just shows people to what reckless abandonment you 
   hold your health.

5. If people around you are annoyed at your smoke, make 
   loud smacking noises with your lips and talk to your 
   cigarette, thanking it for such a terrific smoke.

6. If someone asks for a light, give it to them.  If 
   someone asks for a smoke, point to someone else and 
   say you got it from him.

7. Smokeless people will always ask you to blow smoke rings. 
   This is analagous to yo-yo-less people asking you to 
   'walk the dog.' Even if you can't do it, blame it on the 
   conditions.

8. Only stick the filter-end of a cigarette in your ear if 
   you have short hair.

9. Never stick a cigarette in your nose, unless you think 
   it'll get a laugh.

10. Put all your life's blame on the cigarette.  After all, 
    it'll be gone in a minute.

11. If you don't understand what somebody is talking about, 
    be silent and inhale deeply.

12. Always keep the ashes.  That way you have something to 
    remember them by.  When you collect your weight in 
    ashes, stop smoking.  You're dead.  To avoid death, 
    eat more.

13. Never use your cup as an ashtray if you have a habit of 
    continually slurping at the unreachable 3 drops to your 
    drink.

14. Make chalk outlines of your smashed-out cigarettes if 
    you're bored.

15. Never let a child under age 3 smoke.  They'll always 
    be asking you for a light.

16. Don't eat red meat.  Smoke it.

17. If you run out of money, trying paying with 
    cigarettes.  If the seller doesn't smoke, keep 
    lighting up till they pay you to leave.  If you run 
    out of cigarettes, buy more.

18. Never smoke two cigarettes simultaneously, 
    of the same brand.  Always blend.


